2017.1:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 13)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 12)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 11)
 * Update IP-level XDC with hierarchy names used in FIFO Generator 13.x in 2016.3.
 * Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 10)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 9)
 * Update to FIFO Generator v13.1

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 8)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 7)
 * Update to FIFO Generator v13.0
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 6)
 * Change in display name to distinguish between RTL and IPI versions,no functional changes

2015.1:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 5)
 * The support status for Kintex UltraScale is changed from Pre-Production to Production.
 * Improved HDL code to reduce compiler warnings.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2014.3:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 4)
 * Updated internal FIFOs to fifo_generator_v12_0 from fifo_generator_v10_0.
 * IP packaging (component.xml) defines new CLK and RST bus-interfaces encapsulating all ACLK and ARESETN ports; system connectivity remains unchanged.

2014.2:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2014.1:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 3)
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Updated IP's OOC XDC to create one clock listing all configured ACLK input ports
 * FPGA primitive instantiations used only for 7-Series; changed to pure RTL for UltraScale and beyond.

2013.4:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 2)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support.

2013.3:
 * Version 1.7 (Rev. 1)
 * Added parameter SYNCHRONIZATION_STAGES (default 3) to control the number of synchronizer stages (implemented in internal fifo_generators) when performing async clock conversion; was constant 3; no change in behavior or latency when using default.
 * Number of synchronizer stages on INTERCONNECT_ARESETN input pin increased from 3 to 4 (unconditionally) to reduce Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) from metastability.
 * Added IP-level XDC file axi_interconnect_impl.xdc to avoid synthesis critical-warnings; no change in behavior; used only when async clock conversion is performed.
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation.
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators.

2013.2:
 * Version 1.7
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to conform to Vivado versioning starting with 2013.2.
 * The datasheet for this IP, DS768, shows "v1.06.a" in its title. All information about the IP relating to the CORE Generator tool flow, except output generation, is applicable to using version 1.7 of this IP in the Vivado Design Suite.
 * The latest version of this IP supporting ISE, Coregen and XPS was v1.06.a.
 * Constraints processing order changed.

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
